---
layout: biblestudy
title: "Benefits of Wisdom"
verse: "Proverbs 2 - 'then you will understand the fear of the LORD'"
date: 2025-06-27
---

# Benefits of Wisdom 
## Proverbs 2 
- Explains the rewards of wisdom. 

## Verses:
- **Proverbs 2:3** *"Indeed, if you call out for insight and cry alound for understanding, and if you look for it as for silver and search for it as for hidden treasure, then you will understand the fear of the LORD"* 
- **Reflections**:
    - Just the same as we chase money to fulfill our desires, just as how it is hard and difficult to get money, and just exactly as we persist on trying to chase the money to keep going in life, it is the same way, God wants us to seek for wisdom, showing the hunger for it and the same way, it will benefit us, and fulfill our holy spirit. 🙏
    - And so the more we seek for wisdom the more our holy spirit will be strong, and in that regard, when temptation comes in our way, then you may easily defeat the enemy. 
    - Again, the more wisdom we gain, the more we understand God, and what he requires of us, to live in a way he desires us to live. 

- **Proverbs 2:16** *"Wisdom will save you also from the adulterous woman, from the wayward woman with her seductive words"* 
- **Reflections**:
    - The bible tells us that, we should stay away from immoral men and women for their path leads to death. 
    - Hence, through wisdom we may be able to read the situation and flee from what will stray you away from God. 
    - I would also like to say this, the enemy knows exactly what you have been saved from, or our weaknesses and where we are vulnerable, and so if we do not meditate on God's word that we gain through wisdom, then we might find ourselves having to start from the bottom again, and because the enemy knows that you will try to go back to God, he is gonna make it even much more difficult to find yourself back to God. 

- **Proverbs 2:21-22** *"For the upright will live in the land, and the blameless will remain in it; but the wicked will be cut off from the land, and the unfaithful will be torn from it."* 
- **Reflections**:
    - I love this scripture ❤ because, what it says is that, all those that persuading the evil or those that causing trouble to us or even those ones that gossip behind our backs that God himself will remove them around. 
    - For us, if we continue being faithful to our one and only God, that he may keep us. 🙌

## In conclusion 
- Wisdom is a treasure that protects, guides, and strengthens us in every area of life. When we seek wisdom earnestly, God promises to give us understanding and keep us safe from harm.
- Let us value wisdom above all earthly riches, knowing that it leads to a life of peace, security, and closeness with God. 💖
- May we always ask God for wisdom, walk in His ways, and trust that He will remove every obstacle and keep us in His loving care.
