---
layout: biblestudy
title: "A Father's Instruction"
verse: "Proverbs 4:16 - 'For the wicked cannot sleep unless they do evil; And they are deprived of sleep unless they make someone stumble and fall.'"
date: 2025-07-02
---

# A father's Instruction 
## Proverbs 4 
- Explains the instructions of our Father 

## 📜 Verses:
- **Proverbs 4:1** *"Hear, O children, the instruction of a father, And pay attention and be willing to learn so that you may gain understanding and intelligent discerment."*
- **Reflections**:
    - This verse tells us that, if we seek wisdom(the instructions of our father) that we may be able to judge situations we face in our everyday lives very well. That we may know what is wrong and what is right, and what to say or not to say during the situation we face.
    - Hence, do not always lean to your own understanding but through the wisdom we gain from God.

- **Proverbs 4:6** *"Do not turn away from her and she will guard and protect you; Love her, and she will watch over you."*
- **Reflections**:
    - This verse refers to the **wisdom**, that if you have it, it will be your shield and it will be your light through the darkness of the world.

- **Proverbs 4:10** *"Hear, my son and my daughter, accept my sayings, And the years of your life will be many."*
- **Reflections**:
    - What this means is that, if you accept God's teachings, you will have less obstacles as you progress in life than when you follow the dark path for which, you will face many obstacles that will never give you life, and you may stumble into the grave! unnoticingly.

- **Proverbs 4:14-16** *"Do not enter the path of the wicked, And do not go the way of the evil men. Avoid it, do not travel on it; Turn away from it and pass on. For the wicked cannot sleep unless they do evil; And they are deprived of sleep unless they make someone stumble and fall."*
- **Reflections**:
    - Evil sustain itself through troubling people that do not have any direction, hence it is always around looking for someone who is lost or has no relationship with God. When it finds you, it will torture you, without you even realising and without pain. It will give you addictions that you will struggle to leave. And that way, it knows that, you are now its slave.
    - It will make it hard for you to see the light, and pursue righteousness.
    - You will have excuses not to go to church. 
    - You will have excuses not to pray and read the bible. It will give you countless reasons not to hear anything from the people of Christ. 


- **Proverbs 4:18** *"But the path of the just(righteous) is like the light of dawn, That shines brighter and brighter until it reaches its full strenth and glory in the perfect day."*
- **Reflections**:
    - Though it's hard to pursue righteousness, but if we keep trying to live right, and continue seeking God, the day will come when we will see the blessings, and the fruits of our right decisions.
    - We have to be patient with God, and trust in Him, by all means, even when it feels like he is not there, trust me, God's timing is perfect!🙌

- **Proverbs 4:23-24** *"Watch over your heart will all diligence, For from it flow the springs of life. Put away from you a deceitful(lying, misleading) mouth, And put devious lips far from you."*
- **Reflections**:
    - Okay, let's break it down. Firstly we have to understand that whatever we say is always a gateway to our hearts. What do i mean?
    - If you think about it, we always do what our hearts desires right?
    - We tend to act on what our hearts wants.
    - If we surround ourselves with people that always talk about sports, chances are, we also gonna love it right?
    - Because the more we hear about it, the more it engages with our hearts.
    - If you associate yourself with people that gossips, you will eventually find yourself gossiping as well.
    - If you associate yourself with people that encourages evil, you will find yourself in their shoes as well.
    - But if you associate yourself with people that do right, that strives for success, you will succeed as well.
    - Choose you association wisely, as they will determine who you are.🔍

- **Proverbs 4:27** *"Do not turn away to the right nor to the left where evil may lurk; Turn your foot from the path of the evil!"*

## In conclusion 
- Proverbs 4 reminds us of the importance of seeking wisdom and following the guidance of our Heavenly Father.❤ 
- The choices we make, the people we associate with, and the paths we take all shape our lives and our character.
- By holding onto God’s instruction, avoiding the ways of the wicked, and striving to do what is right, we set ourselves on a path that leads to light, growth, and true success. 
- Let us be intentional about guarding our hearts, speaking truth, and walking steadfastly in righteousness, trusting that God’s wisdom will guide and protect us every step.