---
layout: biblestudy
title: "God's Final Word in His Son"
verse: "Hebrews 1-'but in these last days he has spoken to us by his Son, whom he appointed heir of all things, and through whom also he made the universe'"
date: 2025-08-06
---

_The book of Hebrews, is about elavating Jesus as the superior of all things. In this chapter, that Jesus is superior to all our ancestors and that Jesus is the exact IMPRINT of God's Nature, including the Radiance of God's Glory_

# God's Final Word in His Son
- The scripture tells us that there is no God apart from Jesus, that Jesus is God become Human as the Son.
- **The Son Superior to Angels**
    - Hebrews 1:5-6 *"For which of the angels did God ever say,'You are my Son; today i have become your father' or again, 'I will be his father, and he will be my Son?' And again, when God brings his firstborn into the world, he says 'Let all God's angels worship him.'"*
    - **Reflection**
    -> We see that, Jesus is made superior even to the Angels.
    -> So because the words of God were delivered by the Angels to Moses from **Deuteronomy 33:2** *"The LORD came from Mount Sinai; he rose like the sun over Edom. Ten thousand angels were with him, a flaming fire at his right hand."*, and so what this tells us is that, the message of *Good News*, we receive from Jesus, are all superior to all the messangers of God word.

## In conclusion
- Jesus is not only greater than the angels, but He is the very expression of God’s nature and glory. The message we receive from Him is the ultimate revelation of God’s will and love for us. Let us hold fast to the Good News of Christ, knowing that through Him, we have access to the fullness of God’s promises and grace.
