---
layout: biblestudy
title: "The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge"
verse: "Proverbs - 'for gaining wisdom and instruction; for understanding words of insight;'"
date: 2025-06-26
---

# Understanding and Seeking Wisdom 
- Allow me to share a brief testimony:
    - *"I would never stop emphasizing the point of making wise decisions. Let me say this, just 'One wrong decision can ruin your life'. I want to thank God, for always being with me, literally it was a miracle when i took a decision to go to the homecell. If i had not made that decision, i do not think i would be even sharing this, i think i would have given up. So what actually happened was that,i guess because my enemy knew about the allowance and that alcohol is something that i am still recovering from , and so i had planned that i will be or i want to buy a few beers, but come on, one beer calls another and so on. So luckily, there was a homecell later that day, and crazy how i even underestimated my holy spirit. Like, i literally told myself that even after the homecell, i am gonna go buy those beers!. But then, the holy spirit was like "nah nah brother', you not buying anything. So i believe that when i went to the homecell, i fed my holy spirit and it was strong enough to take over me, and decide otherwise"*. So basically, this is a reference to the book of Proverbs. I realized this miracle just when i read about the book of Proverbs.

## Proverbs 
- This book consists of the proverbs of Solomon, son of David, King of Israel.
- This book is designed to help us as "youth" to avoid common pitfalls and find the path to prosperity, health and security. 
- My focus is on chapter 1.

## Verses:
### Warning Against the Invitation of Sinful Men 
- **Proverbs 1:8-9**: *"Listen, my son, to your father's instructions and do not forsaken your mother's teaching. They are a graland to grace your head and a chain to adorn your neck."* 
- **Reflections**:
    - This is true, if you can look back and think of how many times our parents have tried to warn us about going out late, or to the parties or them telling us about our associations. Like, imagine what could have happened if you never listened to them, i speak for myself as well, like i thank my parents and i thank God, that i listened. 🙏
    - Basically the scripture says that, listening to the **wise counsel** or our parents, literally saves you from the darkness or a path to unintended death or consequences.
    - Don't neglect your mother's or father's instructions.
    - What you learn from them will crown you with grace and be a chain of honour around your neck. 
<br>

### Wisdom's Rebuke 
- **Proverbs 1:23-26**: *"Repent at my rebuke! Then i will pour out my thoughts to you, i will make known to you my teachings. But since you refuse to listen when i call and no one pays attention when i stretch my hand, since you disregard all my advice and do not accept my rebuke, I in turn will laugh when disaster strikes you; I will mock when calamity overtakes you."*
- **Reflections**:
    - Basically, this says that we should *"try not to lean to our understanding"* but seek wisdom so you can make wise decisions. 
    - And because you reject these teachings, how do you expect God to help you in such situations where you forsaken his teachings and decide to lean to your knowledge.
    - Hence, seek wisdom and apply wisdom when tempations come in your way! 
    - Wisdom is all available from God and the people in the kingdom. All you have to do, is to ask God that he may grant you wisdom 🙂.
- **Proverbs 1:31**: *"They will eat the fruits of their ways and be filled with the fruit of their schemes."* 
-  **Reflections**:
    - You reap what you sow! 
    - I am sorry but, basically you'd be killing youself.
- **Proverbs 1:33**: *"But! Whoever listens to me will live in safety and be at ease, without fear of harm"* 
- **Reflections**:
    - Just a life where, you are at peace and in joy with God, like who doesn't want that😭.
    - A life with no regrets or fear like yhoo! 😌

## In Conclusion 
- The book of Proverbs teaches us that wisdom is not just knowledge, but the ability to make the right choices in life. Every decision we make has consequences, and God desires for us to walk in wisdom so that we may live in peace, safety, and fulfillment.
- Let us always seek God's guidance, listen to wise counsel, and apply what we learn in our daily lives. Remember, wisdom is a gift from God—ask for it, cherish it, and share it with others.
- May we all strive to live wisely, honouring God and those who guide us, so that our lives may be crowned with grace
