---
layout: biblestudy
title: "Story of Creation"
verse: "Genesis 2:2-'By the seventh day God finished what he had been doing and stopped working. He blessed the seventh day & set it apart as a special day'"
date: 2025-08-22
---

# The Story of Creation
## The Story of Creation
- **Genesis 1:1-2** _In the beginning, When God created the Universe, the Earth was formless and desolate. The raging ocean that covered everything was engulfed in total darkness, and the Spirit of God was moving over the water._
<br>

- **Genesis 1:3** _And God said, "Let there be light," and there was light._
    - **Relections**: A big takeaway from this verse is that, it tells us that our mighty God is so powerful that He is only the one that can see through the darkness. The light serves as a sign of how our God is so mindful of us. *And this was the first day of creation*.

<br>

- **Genesis 1:6** _And God said, “Let there be a vault between the waters to separate water from water.”_
    - **Reflections**: From verse 1-3, we see that, in essence the whole universe is covered by ocean, but it is engulfed by the darkness. So God separate the water from above and below the dome. *And this was the second day of creation*.

<br>

- **Genesis 1:9 & 1:11** _And God said, “Let the water under the sky be gathered to one place, and let dry ground appear.”_ **&** _Then God said, “Let the land produce vegetation: seed-bearing plants and trees on the land that bear fruit with seed in it, according to their various kinds.” And it was so._
    - **Reflections**: oh man how sweet!. *And this was the third day*.

<br>

- **Genesis 1:14** _And God said, “Let there be lights in the vault of the sky to separate the day from the night, and let them serve as signs to mark sacred times, and days and years_
    - **Reflections**: The Sun, stars and the moon. *And this was the fourth day!* . Again, we see the word *"light"* being mentioned a lot of times. For me this tells us that, the *"light"*, is God's most critical power. A lot of times, God blesses us with the light, so we can see the dark spirits, and be able to save souls by shining the light to them. Without the light, many of us, could have stubled into graves (meaning following friends that continuosly mocking God or things that do not glorify God, or basically things of the world that literally shorten the days of living), or places we never intended to be in; 

<br>

- **Genesis 1:20 & 1:22** _And God said, “Let the water teem with living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth across the vault of the sky.”_ **&** _God blessed them and said, “Be fruitful and increase in number and fill the water in the seas, and let the birds increase on the earth.”_
    - **Reflection**: *And this was the fifth day!*

<br>

- **Genesis 1:26 & 1:28-29** _Then God said, “Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness, so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild animals, and over all the creatures that move along the ground.”_ **&** _God blessed them and said to them, “Be fruitful and increase in number; fill the earth and subdue it". Then God said, “I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food._
    - **Reflections**: *And this was the sixth day*, From this day, God gave us everything that we could ever ask for, and live purposeful, that's all. The way things are, in the world right now; this is not how it was suppsed to be. God had to keep saving us, for every generation. We have given God a million reasons to end everything he had created. But he is still patient with us. He is still a loving God. He is still blessing us!.  

<br>

- **Genesis 2:2** _By the seventh day God had finished the work he had been doing; so on the seventh day he rested from all his work. Then God blessed the seventh day and made it holy, because on it he rested from all the work of creating that he had done._

## In Conclusion
- By blessing and setting apart the Sabbath, He built a permanent reminder into the fabric of time itself.
- Embracing God's pattern of Sabbath is the ultimate act of faith. It is how we acknowledge that He is God, and we are not. It is how we allow Him to continually re-create peace and order in our own lives.
- The creation story teaches us that our purpose is found in reflecting in our God's character.