---
layout: biblestudy
title: "Try Again - Dig another Well and be fruitful in the land"
verse: "Genesis 26:22 - 'He moved on from there and dug another well, and no one quarreled over it. He named it Rehoboth, saying, 'Now the Lord has given us room and we will flourish in the land.''"
date: 2025-07-22
---

# Try Again - Dig another Well and be fruitful in the land.
## 📜Verses:
- **Genesis 26:18-22** *"Isaac reopened the wells that had been dug in the time of his father Abraham, which the Philistines had stopped up after Abraham died, and he gave them the same names his father had given them. Isaac’s servants dug in the valley and discovered a well of fresh water there. But the herders of Gerar quarreled with those of Isaac and said, 'The water is ours!' So he named the well Esek, because they disputed with him. Then they dug another well, but they quarreled over that one also; so he named it Sitnah. He moved on from there and dug another well, and no one quarreled over it. He named it Rehoboth, saying, 'Now the Lord has given us room and we will flourish in the land'"*
- **Reflections**:
    - The scripture tells that we should not or never stop digging, that there is always a land that we can utilize.
    - What this means is that, in our everyday lives, we should never stop trying, and take accountability into failure.
    - You are always one step closer to prosperity for every failure.
    - That failure, does not mean it's over but for you to keep working and putting in effort. 
- **Genesis 16:13-14** *"She gave this name to the Lord who spoke to her: 'You are the God who sees me,' for she said, 'I have now seen the One who sees me.' That is why the well was called Beer Lahai Roi; it is still there, between Kadesh and Bered."*
- **Reflections**:
    - "You are the God who sees me" brings great comfort. It assures us that even in our darkest moments, Our God is there and he understands our struggles and cares for our hearts.
    - We often question if God notices our pain or if He hears our pleas for help. This passage reinforces the notion that God is intimately aware of our situations.
    - Hagar names the **well** "Beer-lahai-roi," which translates to *"the well of the Living One who sees me."* Naming the **well** signifies a place where she encountered God, drawing a link between God’s life-giving ability and His attentive care.
    - We all have **wells** in our lives, places where we encounter God’s provision and love. We need to revisit these moments regularly to strengthen our faith and trust in Him.
- **Philippians 4:19** *"And my God will meet all your needs according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus."*
    - This is God's promise,
- **isaiah 40:3** *"but those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint."*
- **Isaiah 43:2** *"When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers,
they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze."*

## In coclusion
- God is with us.
- God has never forsaken us.
- Our God is good.
- Our God is faithful.
- The bible says seek first his kingdom and all shall be added.
- Hence, when we have given our lives to Him, nothing can come in our way, and when we do things with Him, everything will flourish.
- Let us allow our God to be the center of our lives and great things will happen to our lives.
