---
layout: biblestudy
title: "Wisdom Presents Well-being"
verse: "Proverbs 3 - 'Do not forget what i teach you, my son. Always remember what i tell you to do'"
date: 2025-06-28
---

# Wisdom Presents Well-being 
## Proverbs 3 
- Explains what wisdom presents. 

## 📜 Verses:
- **Proverbs 3:1-2** *"Do not forget what i teach you, my son. Always remember what i tell you to do. My teaching will give you a long and prosperous life."*
- **Reflections**:
    - That if we keep his word around our neck, just as we would have chains or necklaces around our necks, such that it is visible, hence we should live up to the word. 

- **Proverbs 3:5-6** *"Trust in the LORD with all your heart. Never rely on what you think you know. Remember the LORD in everything you do, and he will show the right way."* 

- **Proverbs 3:9-10** *"Honour the LORD by making him an offering from the best of all that your land produces. if you do, your barns will be filled with grain, and you will have too much wine to be able to store it all"* 
- **Reflections**:
    - Just as people effortlessy pay chunks of money to get what they idolize, and for them to even spend that amount of money, it simple because they love it. 
    - So, it applies to us as well, that we may show our love to God through our finances to help build his kingdom. 
    - It also applies to **time** as well, Our Lord only asks for 10% of whatever we have. 

- **Proverbs 3:28-29** *"Never tell your neighbours to wait until tomorrow if you can help them now. Don't plan anything that will hurt your neighbours; they live beside you, trusting you."* 
    - Help the ones that are in need if you can, and do it from your heart. 
    - Or share the word of God with them, plant a seed in them. 

- **Proverbs 3:34-35** *"He has no use for conceited people, but shows favour to those who are humbe. Wise people will gain an honourable reputation, but stupid people will only add to their own disgrace."* 

## In conclusion:
Proverbs 3 teaches us that true wisdom is not just knowledge, but a way of living that honors God, trusts Him fully, and cares for others. When we keep God's teachings close, trust Him with our hearts, give generously, and treat our neighbors with kindness, we receive blessings, guidance, and favor. Let us strive to walk in humility and wisdom every day, allowing God's word to