---
layout: biblestudy
title: "The truth - preaching the right gospel"
verse: "Galatians 1:9 - 'If anyone is preaching to you a gospel different from that you have received, let him be condemned to hell'"
date: 2025-07-30
---

# The truth - preaching the right gospel.
- It is important to understand, who is writing the book and to whom.
- So this is Paul, writing and preaching to the galatians. 
- Hence: <br>
_Galatians 1:1 - "From Paul, who's call to be an apostle did not come from human beings or by human means, but from Jesus Christ and God the Father, who raised him from the death."_
## The One Gospel:
- **Galatians 1:6-9** _6 I am suprised at you! In no time at all you are deserting the one who called you by the grace of Christ; and are accepting another gospel. 7 Actually there is no "other gospel" but i say this because there are some people who are upsetting you and trying to change the gospel of Christ. 8 But even if we or an angel from heaven  should preach to you a gospel that is different from the one we preached to you, may he be condemned to hell! 9 We have said it before , and now i say it again; if anyone preaches to you a gospel that is different from the one you accepted, may he be condemned to hell!_
- **Reflections**:
    - Paul warns us, for those ones that preach the word that is not of God.
    - Because Paul, keeps reminding us of this, it entails the significance of it.
    - This goes to all the false pastors/prophets or even just people.
    - Paul declares this as a serious warning.

## How Paul Became an Apostle
- **Galatians 1:11-13** _11 Let me tell you, my brothers and sisters, that the gospel i preach is not of human origin. 12 i did not receive it from any human being, nor did anyone teach me. It was Jesus Christ who revealed it to me. 13 You have been told how i used to live when i was devoted to the jewish religion, and was much more devoted to the tradition of our ancestors._
- **Reflections**:
    - We know that Paul, "Is the man that used to persecute us "the christians" and wanted to destroy us".
- **Galatians 1:15** _But God in his grace chose me even before i was born, and called me to serve him. And when he decided 16 to reveal his son to me, so that i might preach the Good News about him to the Gentiles, I did not go to anyone for advice, 17 nor did i go to jerusalem to see who were apostles before_
- **Reflections**:
    - The beautiful thing is that despite all that, God still chose him, God was able to use him, and God made him an apostle.
    - What this means is that, no matter what we do or did on earth God, will always welcome us with warm and open hands.
    - That God loved us from before we were born.
    - We have seen this happen even in the modern days, where God transformed someone who was deep in drugs, and changed him to be a pastor or a preacher.
    - So God's power could never be underestimated.
    - He is able to change a deceitful heart or a heart of stone to something precious.
    - He is able to turn evil into good.
    - Also this tells us that, we have to seek wisdom from God but no one else, that we should allow our holy spirit to reveal the truth for us. 
    - Because what is within us, is Jesus.

## In conclusion
- Hence if we hear anything that is not of God, or does not make sense, it is important that we pray about it, and ask God if it the truth.
- But if we know the truth, i think it is the best to ignore and leave it to God.
- Lastly, it is good to know that God can change any circumstance or situation you in(Good or bad) to something that aligns to his will and His Kingdom.