---
layout: post
title: "FourDaysWithJesus: Day 2 of Fasting"
date: 2025-06-27
---

# Four Days With Jesus✨
- Yay! 2 day of 4...we pushing🙏.
- Today's morning message is "Staying On Fire For God"

## Day 02: Staying On Fire For God
- Highlight: 
    - *"To be an impactful child of god, you need the inner fire of God to be in you always"*
    - *"This fire is a kind that makes you restless until God's Kingdom is established."*
- **Scriptures**:📖

### Joshua 1:8
- *"Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful"*.
- **Reflection:**
    - It's not enough just to know and read the word but ought to also obey what it says.

## Psalms 119:9-16
- *"How can a young person stay on the path of purity? By living according to your word. I seek you with all my heart; do not let me stray(move away) from your commands. I have hidden your word in my heart that i might not sin against you. Praise to be you, LORD; teach me your decrees. With my lips i recount all the laws that come from your mouth. I rejoice in following your statutes as one rejoices in great riches. I meditate on your precepts and consider your ways. I delight on your decrees(laws); I will not neglect your word."*
- **Reflection**: We need to truly be hungry for God in order for his fire within us to burn at all times.

## Jeremiah 23:29
- *"Is not my word like fire, declares the LORD, and like a hammer that breaks a rock in pieces?"*
- **Reflection:**
    - Even the word of God is likened to fire that burns
    - It is not suffient to exprience such a flame once upon a time;
    - The fire must keep burning until it consumes everything that oppose the divine nature of God.